=pod

=head1 NAME

Term::ExtendedColor::Xresources - Query and set various Xresources

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Term::ExtendedColor::Xresources qw(get_xterm_color set_xterm_color);

    # Get RGB values for all defined colors
    my $colors = get_xterm_color({
      index => [0 .. 255], # default
      type  => 'hex',      # default is base 10
    });


=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Term::ExtendedColor::Xresources> provides functions for changing and querying
the underlying X terminal emulator for various X resources.

=head1 EXPORTS

None by default.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=head2 set_xterm_color()

  # Switch yellow and red
  my $new_colors = set_xterm_color({
    220 => 'ff0000',
    196 => 'ffff00',
  });

  print $_ for values %{$new_colors};

Expects a hash reference where the keys are color indexes (0 .. 255) and the
values hexadecimal representations of the color values.

Returns a hash with the indexes as keys and the appropriate escape sequences as
values.

=head2 get_xterm_color()

  my $defined_colors = get_xterm_color({ index => [0 .. 255] });

  print $defined_colors->{4}->{red}, "\n";
  print $defined_colors->{8}->{rgb}, "\n";

B<0 - 15> is the standard I<ANSI> colors, all above are extended colors.

Returns a hash reference with the the index colors as keys.
By default the color values are in decimal.

The color values can be accessed by using their name:

  my $red = $colors->{10}->{red};

Or by using the short notation:

  my $red = $colors->{10}->{r};

The full color string can be retrieved like so:

  my $rgb = $colors->{10}->{rgb};

The C<raw> element is the full response from the terminal, including escape
sequences.

=head2 get_xterm_colors()

The same thing as B<get_xterm_color()>. Will be deprecated.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Term::ExtendedColor>

=head1 AUTHOR

  Magnus Woldrich
  CPAN ID: WOLDRICH
  magnus@trapd00r.se
  http://japh.se

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

None required yet.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2010, 2011 the Term::ExtendedColor::Xresources L</AUTHOR> and
L</CONTRIBUTORS> as listed above.

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
